Added result caching for QueryBuilder (#5539)
doctrine/dbal: docs/en/reference/query-builder.rst

        ->where('email = ' .  $queryBuilder->createPositionalParameter($userInputEmail))
    ;
    // SELECT id, name FROM users WHERE email = ?

Caching
-------

To use the result cache, it is necessary to call the method
``enableResultCache($cacheProfile)`` and pass a instance of

> ``Doctrine\DBAL\Cache\QueryCacheProfile`` with lifetime in seconds.
> Optionally can be specified cache key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Doctrine\DBAL\Cache\QueryCacheProfile`` with a cache lifetime value in seconds.
A  cache key can optionally be added if needed.
```

Author: Thanks for help, I updated it.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    $queryBuilder
        ->select('id', 'name')
        ->from('users')
        ->enableResultCache(new QueryCacheProfile(300, 'some-key'))
    ;

.. note::

    For more details and how to configure the result cache check caching section in

>     documentation.

Reviewer: Can you please link to the caching section of the docs?

Author: Can somebody help me how to add link there. I tried ``` `caching section in
    documentation <./caching.rst>` ``` and ``` `caching section in
    documentation <https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-dbal/en/latest/reference/caching.html>` ```. I don't like absolute path. It is posible use realtive link there? I don't know how it works. RST files are for me new thing.

Reviewer 2: From [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/66289376/146187):

> An existing file {example.rst} may be linked to with the following syntax:
> ```
> :ref:`Optional Link text <example>`
> ```
See the following bits for example: https://github.com/doctrine/dbal/blob/14675c0436fcd65b3727db74e691412ee4930622/docs/en/reference/data-retrieval-and-manipulation.rst#L344 https://github.com/doctrine/dbal/blob/7b24c55dc81231fb8265dcc0d0505c19e5753472/docs/en/reference/types.rst#L481

Reviewer 2: @SenseException I'd leave the exercise of linking documentation articles to the maintainers. It's not trivial and there's no way to check the correctness of their change for a first-time contributor.

Author: I put ``` :ref:`Caching <caching>` ``` there, hopefully it will work. Thanks.
